docs(mesh): add new release changelog and fix old one (#5033)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/mesh/changelog.md

no_version: true
---

## 2.0.2
> Release on **2023/01/13**

Built on top of [Kuma 2.0.2](https://github.com/kumahq/kuma/releases/tag/2.0.2)

### Changes

- Upgrade Helm library version.
- Upgrade Go version to 1.18.9.

> - Fix caching of data which might cause regeneration of certificates.

Reviewer: The bug with caching led to the regeneration of certs

> - Fix caching of data which might cause regeneration of certificates.

Reviewer: It can be something like:
```suggestion
- Fix the bug with caching that led to unnecessary regenerations of certificates.
```

* The `kuma-cp` no longer comes with a built-in DNS server. Use
  the DNS server embedded in the dataplane proxy (enabled by default).

## 1.7.6
> Release on **2023/01/13**

Built on top of [Kuma 1.6.4](https://github.com/kumahq/kuma/releases/tag/1.6.4)

### Changes

- Upgrade Helm library version.
- Upgrade Go version to 1.18.9.

> - Fix caching of data which might cause regeneration of certificates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed data caching, which might cause regeneration of certificates.
```
Same question here as the release above

> - Upgrade CoreDNS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Upgraded CoreDNS.
```

`MeshGatewayDataplane`: a MeshGateway-configured Dataplane with a new structure representing the MeshGateway it serves.
Some examples can be found in the [Inspect API docs](https://kuma.io/docs/1.6.x/reference/http-api/#inspect-api).

## 1.6.4

> > Release on **2023/01/13**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Released on **2023/01/13**
```

Built on top of [Kuma 1.5.4](https://github.com/kumahq/kuma/releases/tag/1.5.4)

### Changes

> - Upgrade Helm library version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Upgraded the Helm library version.
```

> - Upgrade Go version to 1.18.9.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Upgraded the Go version to 1.18.9.
```

> - Fix caching of data which might cause regeneration of certificates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed data caching, which might cause regeneration of certificates.
```
Same question here as the release above

> - Upgrade CoreDNS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Upgraded CoreDNS.
```
